If you work for a company or a charity
or a government agency, please ask human resources
or your boss what tax benefits are offered
by your employer, okay?
And there might be other incredible tax savings available
to you offered by your employer,
like healthcare tax savings plans,
retirements plans, we talked about, daycare plans,
education plan, veteran plans if you're a veteran,
and much more, okay?
There's also a benefit that some countries have
and some companies have,
which is called a flexible savings account or FSA,
flexible savings account, which actually lets you save
and spend pretax money on your healthcare, okay?
If you put money into these tax exempt plans,
then the amounts of the taxes you pay decreases a lot.
And we know the power of compound interest over time
from what we did in exercise number one.
And some employers even have insurance plans for you,
health insurance, life insurance, that sort of thing.
So just take advantage of as many of these plans
as possible, not just because they can save you money,
but because you're gonna get an unbelievable pretax benefit
from it, as well.
And if applicable, as your supervisor
or ask human resources if any
of the aforementioned tax benefit programs
we just talked about exist,
and if so, please take advantage
as some of these plans are actually free money.